Low class.
We have another challenge for you this is gonna test your understanding of the command design pattern.
Requirements are.
I want you to write an application that simulates the buying and selling of stocks via a broker.
So after reading that you kind of try to think yourself OK what's going to be the receiver.
What's going to be the invoker and what's going to be the command.
Well I'll tell you that and give you some hints.
This command pattern is gonna be used to implement the buying and selling of stocks so you're going
to need to create an interface order which acts as a command.
This is only going to contain the execute method.
We know that from our previous knowledge and previous lectures you're going to create concrete command
classes for buying and selling stocks.
They need to contain a receiver object because this is how that pattern works.
You can pass to receive your object via the constructor and set it as a member variable and ex queue
method is going to invoke the buy or sell method on the receiver class right.
So that brings us to who's the receiver the receiver in this application should be the stock they're
going to do the actual work they're going to do the actual buying and selling.
You can just hard hard code these two methods.
Buying and selling to just display output.
This class stock should contain a name and a quantity for the stock as a member variable.
Include them and include them in the output.
When you do the buying and selling next is the invoker object that would be the broker the broker is
going to take and place the orders and it could be a list of orders take order.
Could be a method to add orders to a list.
That's how you should implement it.
Place orders would go through the list and invoke each execute method on the specific command because
remember that's what the invoker does.
The invoker figures out when to execute the command so we'll just who will call execute on the command
the command is usually passed.
When you create the invoker and that's done by the client.
When a client creates the invoker so the broker object uses the Command pattern to identify which object
will execute which command based on the type of command.
Some more requirements the client should create the receiver and associate it with a command be the
command constructor.
The client's going to do all the associations the client will then can buy and sell orders.
It also has to associate the invoker with the command.
So we need to create that Invoker and then the constructor the invoker or the execute method can pass
the command I'm suggesting that you can associate the invoker with the client when you call take order.
That's sort of like the execute you can pass the command to this method as a parameter.
Or do it in the constructor it's your prerogative.
Lastly the client will execute all the orders by telling the broker to place orders here's an example
class diagram.
Remember the stocks the receiver has a name and a quantity.
Buy and Sell methods the command.
The client here would be have a main method and it would create and tie together the invoker the receiver
and the commands.
The broker is going to be the invoker it's going to have a list of orders it's gonna have two methods
take order and place orders and the broker is going to do nothing more than just execute a command.
And the command will use the receiver to execute stock sells and executes sell.
Zalmai sorry.
So this is an example output.
Here's to Quan.
Here is a stock that I bought and sold.
Basically says stock the name the quantity it says bought or sell stock.
Name quantity sold and you can do this for many different stocks.
This is just one example.
These are the requirements.
This is what I want you to do to test your knowledge on the command design pattern not provide a solution
in the next lecture main importance.
Understanding the separation of the objects how to tie them gather into client and that's allowing for
that big advantage of decoupling.
Thank you.